Music
Hollywood, California
Again, here's some music by Jordy White
Music
Pretty groovy
Harmontown is now in session
Spencer Crankton, everybody, Spencer
Thank you
We've had a string of some pretty action-packed episodes
We've had a lot of crazy guests
We've had too much show for too many shows
So let's slow it down tonight
Let's just relax and have a bad show
Because we're all tired
And there's nobody coming
And I don't have anything to talk about
I came here directly from the Great Minds set
As did you, Spencer?
Yes, yes, we did
Today we shot with Gillian Jacobs from Community
She played Ada Lovelace, the mother of programming
Ada Lovelace, or is it Lovelace?
Ada Lovelace
No, Ada Lovelace
Do the British pronounce Lovelace Lovelace?
I think they pronounce a lot of things a lot of ways
All I know is she's the mother of modern computing
She wrote the very first lines of code
Yeah, the first algorithm
There were no computers yet, she wrote an algorithm
You go, girl!
That's all I got
I still, you know, some classic observations
I still wish they made a pill that could make your fingernails stop growing
I'm just never going to clip these things on schedule
What else is going on?
Boy, that vice president's up those old tricks
Yes, Jeff?
Do you have really long fingernails right now?
You know, they're dirty, gross claws
You should bite them
I don't want to get a bite
Bite them
No, I've never been tempted to do that
Do it
No
Do it right now
Do it in front of this audience
This is exactly how the Donner party started
It was cold and they were locked in a cabin
Someone's like, ah, God, I'm sorry
You should bite your nails, Gloria
Bite them, bite them, now keep biting
Now let us help
I'm Gloria Donner
The first person eaten
At the Donner party
You guys saw that Hannibal prequel where they, uh, yeah, alright
Where they like walk you through how, yeah, I've talked about that
The Donner party thing reminded me of that
Because essentially part of Hannibal's, Hannibal Lecter's origin
Is that he's like a little kid under the table at an Ursatz Donner party
That he's like under a table watching
That's his first experience in life is that sometimes people eat people
Like they walk you through bit by bit, piece by piece
Like how you could become Hannibal Lecter from being you
They remove all the fun out of the character
It's just like, hey, could happen to you, you could be Hannibal Lecter
He's not Peter Parker
We weren't going to that for that
He was bitten by a radioactive hungry person
I could give you some iPad app recommendations
They're not funny ones though
I don't want to start any more beefs with any more Franko's
I'm playing a game called Knights of Pen and Paper 2
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I played the first one
It's a great sequel to a great, if you like, role-playing games and like turn-based combat
It's that
It's that and it's a great sequel
What classes are you running, Dan, for the people at home?
I have a lab rat wizard
Boy, don't, I have a goth
A goth girl like a
That's not a class
Sortie herder
She's got a big sword, I think she's a
Especially, especially, you play the game too, I know
I've played it, yeah, yeah
What do you, what do you play?
What are your characters?
You don't have a camera over there
Schrab's doing a thing
Is there any camera that can see that?
Jeff just closed the door on Schrab
Sorry, I'm going to fill you in on the backstory
The show has a phantom zone and
Our general zods are sentenced there when they
Try to usurp the son of Krypton
Now he's sulking, he's sulking
Alright, alright, let's bring him out
Rob Schrab's here again
Oh, damn it!
Hey, Rob
Hello
How you doing, man?
I'm doing alright, Jeffrey, how are you?
I'm fair to Midland
What's, uh, take us to your day, Rob
What'd you have for breakfast?
Hmm, hmm
What did I have for breakfast?
I had, um, um
Are you a breakfast guy?
Not really, no, I have a, I have a
How come every time someone dies
You text me that you love me?
What does that mean?
Am I supposed to say I love you too?
What, was it Prince?
Wow, I don't want to say it's personal, actually
We lost a friend's
I'm giving you a through line for your biopic
It's just a runner, is that?
But is it, am I supposed to, is it after I die
Or people go, he should have, he should have
He should have loved Schrab back
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
It's like, you know
Was it Patton's wife?
Well, Jesus
Yes, there was a death, there was a death
Close to the, close to the dex
And, uh, every time though
I'm saying it doesn't matter, it's a famous person
It's a friend, it's like every time
I love you, you should take better care of
Well, you don't say you should take better care of yourself
I did, I did once
But you're like, I'm really concerned
The subtext is that I'm doing something wrong
By living
No, that is not, that is not
No
What is it, what is going on there?
I want you to know I love you
At those moments
Robin Williams dies, I love you Dan
Yeah
David Bowie, I love you Dan
Prince
What do you, what do you think I'm going to do?
Have a platinum record?
I wish you would write better records
First
I just, I just
In those moments
When you lose something special
You know, you just, you start
Taking account
Of
You shouldn't be insulted by it
Or offended or hurt
I'm confused by it
I feel like the audience just
Odd and then laughed at themselves
And they were right
Fair enough
No, no, we got this bit going on
That we don't like each other
And I want you to know that it's not true
Well
When someone special dies for you, Rob
You think of the people special close to you
Yeah
And you think of maybe the distance
The gulf between you and Dan
There's a lot of gulf
That go closer together
Yeah, which look at, look at physically
How I could
Could not be further away
You could scoot, you could scoot two stools closer
Yeah, no
Well, what, what, okay, okay
I can't do this
Well
We don't have a show, so why don't we do
A little holodeck scene where
You're not working
On the Lego 2 movie for seven and a half years
And I'm not working on
950 projects for 900 years
Oh, wow, biggest fan
I'm getting the fuck out of this shit
I've seen the hologram
Beck
Fuck that
Tomorrow morning's blog entry starts
I have colitis
It's hard
I struggle with it all the time
And my entire life people have been asking
Why are you going to the bathroom
Colitis
I'm getting the fuck out
All right, so where do we take us
To the holodeck
Where do we fade in?
It probably takes a lot of fucking
If you sit in the front row and you have to
Get up, it probably, you're probably like
Holy shit, she's probably already
Been through the whole thing
Of like, god damn it
I'm gonna have to do it, I'm gonna have to get up
She's like an old timey reporter
Where she has to go to the phone booth and go
Oh my god
I got a hot story
All right, yeah, no
There's Schrab.every time
Someone dies, I get a text
I'm trying to give you
Like an Edward runner
Bella Lagosi calling
What are you setting up biopics for?
Just love me
I'm trying, dude
But you're putting me on the spot
Little bad
Let's holodeck it, okay, let's holodeck
Let's pretend
Let's holodeck it out
Let's holodeck like we used to
Let's holodeck it, give me some water
Throw me that one in the middle, all right, thanks
All right
Okay, there we go
Don't make it that kind of show
It's not
It's supposed to be a thoughtful show
This came here because we rejected
The concept of catching something is important
It's about connection, Dan
It's about human connection
All right, so if we're gonna holodeck it
Where do you want to fade in
Into this holodeck?
She's back
She's wiping her seat down
She spilled cranberry juice
She spilled cranberry juice, Dan
It's not that big of a deal
She's wearing black
Who cares?
She's spilling cranberry juice, Dan
We all know it's not that big of a deal
I know that's code for period
Oh shit, is that right?
Yes, I've got my cranberry juice
All right
I have to go to the bathroom
I haven't had a girlfriend in so long
I don't know this
I don't know these code words
All right, so holodeck
Friendship with Schrab
Where are we fading in to solve these problems?
This is programmed to make me look bad
No, no, it's programmed to call your bluff
Because when I get a text that says
I love you, only when people die
It's like to me
The unspoken thing
Is like, we don't see each other enough
We don't have a close enough relationship
You eat too much, you drink too much
But I've said that
Here, out loud, I've said those words
I don't have to have
I don't have to do some kind of sleight of hand with a text
I say that to your face
Yeah, so why can't you just text Prince died?
I write
RIP Prince
What do you want?
Then you say, I love you, Dan
It's like so loaded
Okay, well, fine
What do you...
No, I sound like a dick
Gun to your head, what do you want?
You want me to stop too?
Ah, fuck you
No, gun to your head, you want me to keep doing it
Alright, look, gun to your head
Virtual fishing boat
Shut up, shut up you scared the fucker
Shut up
Shut up, you scared the fish
Is that the soundtrack?
It's a whale
It's foggy
So it's good that we finally got this moment
Alone
To be best friends
Fishing together
So that we can finally hang out
And love each other
Retired and this is it
Thank God
None of us worked really hard until we dropped dead
Without warning
Thank God we did that
Now we can enjoy this sunshine
And this fish
Think of...
Think of what we would have...
I mean, oof
I made you something
Yeah
Close your eyes
Hold out your hand
It's my shit
The fuck
What the fuck, what the fuck
Jetski
It's detachable
Son of a bitch
No, no, no, no
Helicopter
Say you don't love me anymore
Stop telling me you love me
I love you, dad
I wrote it
I did
I'm so sorry
I'm just gonna land some of my angel wings
Don't have to
Flap so much
Can we get back to fishing, please?
Dad killed you and you still want to hang out with him and fish with him?
I put shit in his hand
He killed himself
Yeah
I gave him an out
Alright, that didn't work
Alright, well I hope you enjoyed
This level of show
Alright, next guest
Do you not want to be loved by Rob?
You just don't want to be loved when people die
And that's when you feel loved by him most
Makes him uncomfortable, it makes him uncomfortable to hear
Are you loving him more when famous people die than other ones?
No, when anybody dies
When just death is happening
I'm like that with Kate, I'm like that with Lolly, I'm like that with a lot of people
And Dan, you feel you don't want to be loved only when mortality is the thing
Makes him uncomfortable, it makes him uncomfortable
Well, he doesn't put anyone
The same thing with my mom
She'll like send me a direct tweet or something
And it'll say like, be nice to hear from you now and then
Like, bitch, you got my number
Text me
I called her bluff, I said you can text me anytime
Well, I wouldn't want to bother you
Bother me, she never does
She doesn't text me
But do you want her to?
I don't know
I've text you, what up, what up man?
What's going on man?
What do I do?
You don't write back
You don't have to scratch your head
You're in workaholic mode where like you're busy as a mother fucker all the time
Yeah, you got no time
You have the best excuse to not reply because you're always working, you have the best out
I get it
Also sometimes they put his phone in a box
Yeah
Say what?
Sometimes like a small man comes and puts his phone into a box
Alright
His name is Steve Levy
Rob, are you a fan of the horror film genre?
Yes, I am actually, yes
Do you like cinema?
I like cinemas, yes, I like them
Well, our next guest
Is, he played the, I think the most recent Jason Voorhees
Yes, he did
I think he must have done a terrible job because they kind of like, they stopped making those movies
I think he must have killed people wrong
I think he killed him
He killed everybody in the movie, he was too good
Oh, he's too good
He hunted himself to extinction
Yeah, every Jason Voorhees movie has to, alright, okay
Well, he's an old friend of ours
And I don't think he's ever been up on this podcast, just hanging out
Don't look at me, you know the roster better than I do
Please welcome Derek Mears
Yeah!
Oh, shit
Derek
I just spilled my cranberry juice
Yeah, come on over on this side of the stage there
195, episode 195
Oh yeah, we're coming up on 200, we should do something special
Yeah
For that episode
I wanted to do a gag tonight where I get so mad at Schrab, I'm chasing him around like some crates
And then he runs behind a crate, and then you come out the other side
And it just puts me off of chasing Schrabs forever
Don't tell the audience, it's gonna be great, let's do it
How come that Harmon hates Schrabs so much?
It's an old Looney Tunes joke
Just smiling him politely, Niley
For the crowd here that doesn't know our origin story, we know Derek, all of us, Dan, Rob and I, through comedy sports
We're Bakersfield comedy sports
Yeah
Rob and Dan were Milwaukee
Milwaukee
I was LA and we all met at certain tournaments
And we all met, like, remember sitting with Derek Mears
I'll talk to you in the first person
Sitting with Derek and we saw the Bert Fershner's play in Milwaukee
And you and I sat next to each other
And it was like Mike Rock, Chris Thom, and all of our New York friends
And we saw something so funny that you and I looked at each other like, fuck this shit
We were actually unhappy at how funny things were
Yeah, they were too good
And Rob and Dan were in The Dead Elwives
And again, these guys are funnier than we are, so fuck it
They're like, go home, we're done, totally done
Oh, you were watching us?
Yeah
You saw something so funny that you were like, let's quit forever
And those things were Dan Harmon
Well, actually
I thought Sean McKenna was the funniest Dead Elwives
It's true
Because he was the most punk rock
You guys were all funny, you guys were all hilarious, but he was so dangerous and so weird
I came from LA comedy sports, which was so safe
So by the numbers, these guys were actually punk rockers in the improv world
And we all ended up hanging out on the sidelines and becoming friends
And my friendship with Rob, Dan, all you guys coincided with Derek Mears
Do you guys think Kanye West gets a bad rap?
I feel like everybody...
He does a good rap, too
He's never, as far as I know, he's never hit anybody or abused anybody
And he's got seven number one albums in a row
We keep waiting for him to become humble or normal
I think he's just a lunatic, right?
He's got seven number one albums in a row
I think a lot of it's just a big show
Kind of like an Alice Cooper, Marilyn Manson on the metal side, but on the hip hop side
He does things just to get people's mindset and to be in the consciousness
Yeah
You know what he just did though?
Well, he didn't just do it, he did it a while ago
He was like, my album's always gonna be on title, only title forever
And then it wasn't
So like a lot of people subscribe to title under false pretenses
And now there's a class action lawsuit or something
What? What?
Title, the subscription program or thing, service
Music streaming subscription by Jay-Z, right?
I don't know anything about that
He's got all this talent, right?
He's trying to get talent on his side
Kanye's like, it's only gonna be on title
If you want talent, it's gonna be on title
You best subscribe
And then it comes out not on title
And everyone's like, well, what the fuck?
What are we doing this for? We could just buy albums like normal people?
Shit, well
Still, though, a lot of people hit women
Yeah, no, no
And piss on people and stuff
That's still not bad, I gotta say
And I feel like if you're gonna tear up someone's floor of their set
You just run it by them in their dressing room
Just go, hey, we gotta tear up the floor of your set
It's mirrors
It doesn't work for the cameras
He'd probably be like, okay, cool, I'm Picasso and Jesus
Okay, cool, we're SNL
Goodbye, but they didn't tell him
Of course he's gonna be like, what the fuck?
They didn't even tell me, I'm Picasso and Jesus
And someone's recording him from 50 yards going, this is the best
Are you comparing yourself to Kanye or Jesus Ringer?
What he's taught me is it doesn't matter
We should all be a little more proud of ourselves, for God's sake
Seven number one albums
Four albums ago is when he needed to stop being humble
By our own rules that we've established
Three number one albums you're allowed to start wearing a shoe for a hat
We established that a long time ago
Are you a big Kanye fan?
I don't really like his music, but I like his personality
You just want permission to be Kanye West
Well, no, I'm just defending a guy who's like, yeah
It's adorable that people were like
That lady was like, he sticks stuff in his butt
And then it's amazing that he bothers to get on Twitter
He's like, come on, seriously, I don't like anything in my butt
It's him, it's not like a PR company going like, speaking of butt, go to Target
It's like him going like, come on, come on, y'all, I don't put anything in my butt
It's great, it's accessible
Is this similar to how people don't like to drink alone?
The narcissism level, like, look at me, this is amazing
And so he's that big, and you're like, I look up to him someday
I don't know, I don't know what that means
I don't know where the insult begins
Oh, no, it's playful, like a kitten insult
It's not like I'm going to hurt you, stab you in the face
Well, you can't, I'm like Picasso, you can't stab me
You'd be stabbing thin air, I'm Jesus
So you want to be Kanye, like you like
I am, I am, aren't I?
I am Kanye
Should we holodeck this?
Holodeck, just me being Kanye
Okay
And the winner for Best Musician for the MTV Music Awards is
You want to read the envelope?
Shenane
Alright, put your ears and hands together
It's Kanye West
You know what?
This is bullshit, this is bullshit
Taylor Swift, get up here
Taylor, Taylor, get up here
She deserves this award
This is bullshit, I didn't work my ass off
Taylor Swift did
She deserves it
I didn't know what else to do with that
Taylor, Kanye
Oh, oh, oh, oh, soul powers
Oh, you're so tasty, so delicious, Kanye
Cut to black, Taylor
Pentagon, 1978
Pentagon
Oh, shit, went the wrong way
I think it's like, where is it?
It's three lefts, two rights
Alright, finally, I've been looking for you guys forever
I went to a room, there was a guy
So anyways, we have a problem
Well, we're the guys that help you with that
Operation Delta has been a failure
Oh, the old Operation Delta is a failure
Yeah, that we suspected is my...
Yeah, we didn't put our all into that one
Oh, fuck, oh shit
Fire drill
It's like we just know the air is going down
We gotta get out of here
It's a regular fire drill, we try to keep it
You know, everybody says don't use an elevator, fuck that shit
Let's use the elevator
Yeah, yeah
It's in the way that you use it, doo, doo
Believe me, it's so much quicker than it was there
So how about what Sally was wearing today?
Oh, what else, what?
I mean, are you working for the Pentagon?
The J.C. Pennies are gone
Did the elevator stop and the doors not open?
We're only on the Quatra-Gone level
Press the button again just in case
It's in the way that you use it, doo, doo
The buttons went up
Okay, doo, fuck
Let's go out
Oh my god
That doesn't mean anything
That doesn't mean anything, it means the doors are about to open
Because they're trying to save electricity
What?
I don't want to freak you guys out
But when the stuff like this happens, if I can't see things
I have little flashbacks as a child
And I start to get uncomfortable
And weird things happen
Okay
Cut to Derek's flashbacks as a child
Son, happy birthday
This is your new hammock
Thanks, this is so comfortable
I've never had anything like this before
Hey, Derek, fatty Derek
Snip, snip
No, no!
God damn it, no!
Back to the elevator
And she was really mean to me
And so that's what happened
She called you fatty Karen?
She had like a speech impediment
Really high-pitched voice
She couldn't say my name right
Derek Karen Mears
The lights are still out, you guys
If you don't know
I've taken control of your elevator car
Kanye West
Yeah
You have 30 seconds
To make the greatest rap album of all time
He can do it!
You're Jesus Picasso, you can do it!
You can do it!
Really confined in here
Yeah, well, we'll sit down
Well, no, that's...
Alright, that kind of...
Alright, okay
Yeah
Aw yeah
Put your elevator action together
For K.W. West
A circle is a daydream
A circle is a square to me
A circle is another shape
Inside my spool and playground
I'm singing like a lady
I'm singing like I've never had
Tomorrow
I'm singing like I love the shapes
Of circles and squares and triangles
When the grass is green
And the sun is yellow
I saw your mama tonight
I heard she's turned into
A fellow
That's not transphobic
I support her
Wholeheartedly
In her change
If she wants to be
Whoever she wants to be
She should be
Tomorrow
A circle is a square
Every sun is a rainbow
Every day is today
Unless, unless
It turns into tomorrow
A triangle is three
A square is more than that
A circle has zero
But you are a hero
If you want to know that
Come on
And then I do nine more songs like that
I mean, obviously you've been bested
It's like we have a budget for the elevator narrator
And we don't have the budget for the elevator maintenance
No wonder we lost the last three wars
Yeah, it's crazy
Can't see my watch
Ah, finally
Thank God the ghost is here
He's got some door
Come through mine
Thanks, my only friend
Let's get you a new hammock
I had nothing to do with a hammock
I was in his flashback
You know what?
I'm scrubbing the Delta project
That's what I came to tell you guys
I was going to take you to lunch
Break it to you slowly over mozzarella sticks
You admitted yourselves
You phoned it in
Mozzarella stick
Ah, get your own now
So long
But you should
What's he doing with that apple?
He's eating it
It's a nano-apple
So long
Suckers
Wasn't that nano-apple part of the Delta project?
It was, but I think he meant it to be achieved
A cheese dick
A cheese dick?
Yes
Want to go back to giving me head?
Credits
Music
Was it like that?
Exactly
Could we have a serious conversation for a second?
Dan, I love you
Who died?
That scene
Spencer, how have you been?
I've been so good
There's something in
I know, you've been messing with it
And looking at it for minutes
What do you think, what is it?
Drink it, man, just drink it
You got some sort of weird thing in your vodka?
This is like the lowest-stakes creep show ever
I know it's in here, there's something
There's just something down there
There's some jewels or whatever it is, I got it
Oh, it's the reflection of my finger
Oh, no
You're like a bird
No, it's still there, oh, but that's us, okay
Oh, man
I'm very phobic about impurities and stuff
Yeah
Whatever's in there, vodka will probably kill it, right?
Yeah, yeah
Or the snakes will
I love you so much
Thank you
Derek, tell us about getting kicked in the nuts by Will Smith
In Wild Wild West
Oh my god, yeah, as an actor I was very lucky
At one point, one of my first jobs was working on the stellar hit
Wild Wild Wild West
Wild Wild West won
Yeah
Did you play the robot spider?
Attack of the robot spiders
Yes, actually I was the giant metalhead guy inside the spider
And I was super nervous because I had to hit Will Smith for the first time
Punching him and whatnot, but he had to kick me in the nards as well
But when we were doing it, we had, when you get kicked in the nards
You get usually a safety strap that goes around your ankle
All the way up through here, kind of like a belt, so if someone hits you
It stops them from actually hitting your nard parts
Yeah, hold on, it gets good
It's like a hammock, upside down hammock
Above the ground that is your nuts
Absolutely
It's supposed to hold the body that is Will Smith's ankle
As he does the plopping into it of kicking as hard as he can upward
And that is the correct term, plopping
As hard as he might try, if he kicks straight up in your dick
He's not going to get there because it's attached to your feet
Correct, but if you go up at an angle, you get hit hard
In the thigh
In the upper groin area where the connection between your hoop and the hop come together
And your nuts are huge
They're average man nuts
But you're bigger than an average man, so like you say like
Oh, this Diet Coke is average size, but it's like you drink a special giant Diet Coke can
Wait, how big are like, what's average nut size?
Like a quarter? Like is that a nut?
Yeah, like a quarter
Spencer's giant, he has to make it like two times my size of nuts
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but I'm special
Also what do you have behind the show? Quality
Quality is the entire time
So anyways, the story that you're making me tell
We did it about like
I expected you to go, I don't want to talk about that
About 20 takes happened, not one was straight up and they were side to side
And I felt like a kickboxer because it got to the point where I kept getting kicked over and over
And it's kind of like like Rocky where he like he'd start to buckle and be like
When I was a kid, I was so new going, no, no, no, this is good, I keep going
He's not kicking straight up, he's kicking into the thigh
Yeah, yeah
And you want it straight up
I'm assuming not kicking you straight up because Instinct says
If I kick this guy as hard as I can straight up, that's going to be like kicking a human being in the balls
So he's kicking you into the thigh
Yes
Probably to be a good person but he's doing it wrong
Correct, but he makes more than I do and he can hire me in the future
He did it completely right and it was my fault
But no, afterwards I had it just like just think of the blackest purple
Like I went to the trailer and I kind of hobbled to the trailer and lay there and just had these giant
Like volleyball size on both sides like bruises
And the thing is when you're a young stuntman, like I think what you expressed to me is like
You're in this terrible dilemma because it's like you can't stop between the 30th take
And by the way, I met the dude that was in an acting class
Yes, believe it or not
He was in an acting class at Sam Christiansen's class
And one of the classmates was the guy who played Marco in Die Hard
Who is the guy who says, next time you're going to shoot somebody, don't hesitate
Thanks for the advice, oh
That guy, I'm sorry, but because I was thinking of that guy because he told me
Because he's a stuntman, a lot of the terrorists in Die Hard, they're just stuntmen
Because they had to do rolls and dives and tucks and nips and things
And he's like
So racist
A moment of silence for that moment of silence
He ruined his back during Die Hard, I think he never could do stunt work again
Because that was his biggest gig and it was the most benign thing you'd see in Die Hard
There's a moment when he's talking and then some dudes come in the doorway
And he goes, they catch Bruce Willis off guard and he draws down on them
And there's just a two second shot of the doorway and the guy's scatter
And in that shot, Marco vaults over an office chair, does a little dive
It's not that big a deal, the movie's not called Rhythm Gymnastics Hard
It's not like, whoa, they'll blow you away with the wonderful cartwheels
But he did this move that he then had to do 46 times
Literally, I think they did 46 takes of that shot
And he could never stop at take 23 and say
I'm out, I can't do this, I'm going to ruin my body
And you, Will Smith is kicking you in the nuts for the 18th time
And you're faced with this crazy choice of like, well, what am I going to be the stuntman that's gotten this far
And then goes, I can't take it, boys
You're allowed to at any point say, okay, I'm hurt
But if you do, they go, oh, shit, go home and we never hire you again
Yeah, I think if you're a veteran, you probably get away with it more, right?
Well, the mentality between acting as stunts, it's white collar, blue collar
On the stunt side of things, like your job is to make the stunt winner who hired you look as good as possible
So if you ever get hurt or injured on set, you shouldn't as a professional scream out
And go, ah, my arm is broken and I can't feel, you'd be very quiet
And if you're hurt, you leave set so you don't cause that panic on set and people freak out
Because you'll interrupt the work day, then they don't make their day and then there's money involved and what not
But you go in, you take it, you wrap whatever hurt and you go back and you finish the job for the day
If your mentality's right and then you heal up later
You got pretty hurt, a separated shoulder or something like that?
Oh, no, no, I had a really bad herniated disc in my neck, it was the toughest job I've ever done
I did Hansel and Gretel Witch Hunters. I was just going to bring that up
I couldn't wait to bring that up because I watched that entire movie, I thought that fucker was CG
That was you in a costume, that troll, that big ogre thing, there was two in a costume
Yeah, that was crazy, we shot three months in Berlin, the first week there
Anything you do for these kind of monster jobs, because an actor, I bounce to my normal face and doing monsters from time to time
But anytime you do a monster job, you're always prepared ahead of time, like I always talk about a UFC fighter
You over train, so when you're on set, nothing's going to faze you
But the suit was so difficult because the studio wanted to CG the character and the producers and the director were finding
No, we want to do it practical, we have the right people and the right team together, let's do it practical
And they're like, okay, we'll try it, but the suit was so big, I try to explain to people like when you put it on
It's like being on a treadmill with like a hundred plus pound of weight on your neck, shoulders, all over you
You're breathing your own carbon dioxide, so you can't breathe very well, your pulse is already, you're actually cooking inside the suit
So imagine that, putting a plastic bag on your head and running, blind
And Will Smith kicking you in the nuts the entire time
But yeah, it was crazy, I got to love it
And he wasn't even on that job, he just shows up to fuck a kid
Will Smith just fucking goes from set to set
Well, he became addicted to it, that's the thing
Where'd you get a taste for it?
He started to make excuses in your head, I deserved it, I shouldn't have made him do that
It's called addiction, it's called addiction
On Will Smith's behalf, it was my first big Hollywood star going, oh my god, I don't want to ruin this
He was the nicest, most down-to-earth guy, I was talking to one of his entourage at the time
Is he doing a game or is he legit, no no no man, Will Smith is Will Smith 24 hours a day
And he treated, it didn't matter if you were the caterer all the way up to the main producer
He treated everybody equally with respect and I was blown away
I went a lot from him
Alright, now Derek
Yeah, sounds pretty cool
Sounds pretty cool
I'd like to work with him someday
Derek, am I getting this wrong, Derek and I used to be roommates for a while back in the day
Yeah
And when you auditioned for that, they had you come in
For Wild Wild West
One
And they did some kicks and stuff like that
Wasn't there a thing like they said, do like a high kick and you're like, no, I'll kick a hole in the ceiling
No, there's a small room or whatever and there's like a low hanging, my background's like martial arts and stuff
And so they're like, go ahead and do, can you kick over your head and go, yeah, I can stop here
I don't know why, because I'll kick the light thing, I don't want to do that
And they're like, go ahead and do it
Yeah, yeah, honey, kick to it
You kicked the ceiling out and they're like, you got the fucking Jeff
Also on a side note, like being Jeff's roommate, talk about like
You, you, you
Talk about
If you want to
Motherfucker leaves the toilet seat up, the refrigerator door open
If you just moved to Hollywood and you're looking for self-confidence, don't move in with Davis
That guy is a, no, sweetheart of a human being, like Jeff's like a brother to me
Well, all of his waking nightmares about 9-11, like
I would date skinny, like weak, like, you know, thin actresses
Derek would date giant, hard-ass stunt women who like, look like, like Xena, warrior princess
So I'd be in my little bedroom and we'd be like, maybe, oh, no
Like, you should eat something
And that was him talking to me
Stunt talk
And then from Derek's room, it was boom, come on, they were doing, like, you guys were wrestling so hard
Furniture was flying
Wrestling
Me and my skinny actress girlfriend were like, well, are they okay?
Like, yeah, they're, oh, I live with a superhero
Also, Derek would do a thing, first time we lived at the Serrano, like in the Koreatown
Yeah
Derek, you know, he's, what are you, six?
Six-five
Totally hairless, very, very, very muscular
He's trying to create a picture for you
Yeah
For the home listener
It's a podcast
Kind of a Mr. Clean look
Mr. Clean
Derek would come out and, like, I'd be playing his PlayStation, I'd be doing some Tomb Raider or whatever
And Derek would come out and his tidy whiteies
And he would do this
Oh, boy
I called it the pretty prancer
You wanna come out with a photo?
You wanna come out of the bathroom?
Imagine him and naked, except for tidy whiteies
And he would go like
Jeff
Jeff, am I a pretty prancer?
Yes, Derek
You're a pretty pony
It was the best
Oh, good times, good times
But the point I was trying to make with Jeff coming over
With Jeff as a roommate is, like, I would sit there and I had the same spot on the couch
I was that friend, you know, who's, like, disheveled and like, oh, it's gonna play Tomb Raider on PlayStation 2
It was great
And it was, like, a cat, like, a revolving door of, like, beautiful, hot, like, eccentric women would come in
And, like, I would sit there and they're talking, like, Don Perignon
I feel like the kid from Deliverance would be like, hey, what's going on?
You know, Jeff's a real funny dude, you should have a good time tonight
But they had to put up with me, because, like, you know, they're dating Jeff and then we were close
Like, oh, you guys could have leaned into that, you could have done, like, just skin tight latex
Like, on a Friday night, like, are you going out tonight?
Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna probably bring some women up, you want me to do the, you know, the thing?
Yeah
You want me to just be in the cabinet under the sink?
That would be amazing
And then you do your high kicks
And then Will Smith comes out of a different cabinet, starts kicking in the nuts
Is that Will Smith? He's really nice
Derek, flat footed, flat footed, you could kick the ceiling probably here, right?
I think I can
Still?
Oh, well, I'm still, I'm tighter than I used to be, I could fall, it'd be awesome
You got them tattooed or paint, pants on
Just, try, try, I mean, I think, flat, oh yeah, you
He's wearing jeans, whoa
Jesus Christ
He kicked it
Whoa
Jesus
He chopped it
Nice
Yeah
Yeah, that must work
Guys, if any sort of terror erupts, I got your back
Dan
Dan's trying to kick it
This is a, this is a horrible idea
Game recognized game
Dan
Nice
Great
You really are Picasso Jesus
I was actually kind of curious, like how, like what the disparity is
Like how, how far my leg goes up, I think it was like
You got pretty close
What, yeah
What, so
See, if you go to your chiropractor and it's like, oh, he's fixed your back
And then he's like, have you done those exercises?
And you, you haven't
And then you, because you're busy
And then you're like, if I just say no
Then I, which I've already tried, I've tried to be honest
He goes like, have you done those exercises?
They're like core exercises, like where you work your core
It's for my posture
I don't like my posture
But I don't, I don't like doing the exercises either
So my hands are tied
So, so I, like, so once a week I go into him and he goes like, he's adjusting my back
And then he goes, did you do those exercises?
And then I tried, I already tried, I tried
Oh, okay, that's fine, that's the, that's the same as my alarm tone
It's worth, because we live in an Orwellian society
It's not like yours was going to be, it's in the way that you use it
Kevin Day is like, god damn it, fucking, that's Eric Clapton, fucking, it just gets sued
The, I don't do the, so I already tried, I tried going
No, by the way, now I'm not going to tell you his name
Because then you might yell at him and like harass him
Dr. X, Dr. X
No, Dr. X, by the way, X is his first name
Because not a real doctor, chiropractor
It's like Dr. Todd, you know
No, Dr. Todd, I did not do the exercises this week
I didn't do them
And then his reaction is like, okay, well, can I ask you a question?
Do you want to have better posture?
Yes, I do, Dr. Todd
Well, you can't have it if I can't help you if you're, if you're going to
Because if you don't want to do it, then you don't want to do it
Wasn't he like, well, if you want, don't want to waste my time
Or like something like, he was wasting your time
Well, that's when I cancel an appointment
He was like, but it's like, I pay for the appointment
Oh, I thought he was like, you're not going to stretch, you're just wasting my time
Well, he was like, well, if you don't, if you don't want to do it
Like, I don't know what to do with you
And so then I tried lying a little bit
Like, so then the next time he goes like, do you know the exercises?
I hadn't, and so I tried lying just enough
Because I didn't get the right, it was like, so I was like, yeah, a couple times
He's like, yeah, like, how often?
I'm like, oh, here and there, like once every other day
Trying a little bit, and then he said, well, I can't, you know
Look, I mean, I want to help your posture, but I can't
I can't work with you if it's like, oh, once every other day
And I did an impression of my voice and like
And it was like, I was just like, I got my face in a table while he's doing that shit
And I'm like, I just like, I don't need to put up with this
This motherfucker's supposed to crack my back
But then I think, well, what if I stop going to him?
And then my back feels bad
And then you'll know he works
That seems like the best idea
And then he's like, I don't know
Like I throw a pebble at his window
Dr. Todd!
I hold up a boombox and it's playing the shitty music version of
Whatever he plays over his fucking shitty new age sound system
I'll touch you twice
Now, have you tried actually doing his instructions and doing that?
Yeah, they're...
Let's do them right now
No, they're on the...
No, don't applaud that
No, no, no, no, they'll applaud for this
Let's do it
I think if you did it right now, then you could be truthful
You don't like lying
No, I don't
He won't even accept, I already know that even if I did him a lot, according to me
That wouldn't be enough for him
Okay, then definitely don't do him
Yeah, yeah
Stop it
So do I have to stop going to him?
No
What?
He's trying to help you
But I don't have time to do the exercises, bro
Wait, what are the exercises and how long?
Like 15 seconds
I just got to lay down on the floor and go like this
It's like for my core, I don't have a core
Do it every time you have to pee
15 seconds?
You can't even try it just as an experiment to see if he's a good decorator
If history is any teacher, no, I cannot, I'm not able to do it
It doesn't work into my schedule right now
I can't have Steve Levy put on my calendar
Do it when you pee
Thrust your fucking hips for 15 seconds
My calendar already looks like this
Every day is like, what?
Read the Bible
What?
I have to do so much shit
There's going to be slivers added in there
Thrust your hips against the wall
Have you cut Minecraft out of your schedule?
Dude
Yeah, is that Steve Levy?
Yeah, I don't play no Minecraft
Nights of pen and paper too
I got a couple hours in yesterday
I don't touch console games or laptop games
I only do iPad time management games
They're teaching me time management
Are you still in pain? Is your back like...
No, that's the thing
So why would I ever do these exercises?
Don't go, don't go
You sound like you're busy
You sound so busy, Dan
You sound so busy
You need to relax, take it easy
Don't go
If you don't like him
You don't like him
You don't like what he's telling you to do
Stop it, just don't go
I worry about you, man
Don't go, just stay home
Well...
Steve, can you put on the calendar
I'm supposed to lay on the ground
There's a piece of paper that shows a lady doing it
It's like, I got a...
It doesn't even make sense
You're talking about a breast exam
Can you show us how to fix it?
No, I can't, because it's a stage
No, I can't show you
I'll describe it
I'll describe it if you do it
Show us what you're supposed to do
It's going to look like a man laying down
Yeah, well, let's try it out
But if you do it in the future
And they ask you, did you do it or not
You can play your hit podcast
And have everybody go, yeah
Maybe these people
You're witnesses
You can do it on a table
I can do it on the table
Do it on the table
Don't do it on the table
Lay down on the table
That's a bad idea
That table seems like it's not really on the table
That would be perfect
Do it on the table
Just do it on the table
This is great
Oh, shit
I hate these parts of the podcast
Because it's like I always imagine
Being the person that's here for the first time
Like, why did you take me here?
Well, because he's a great writer
He's not writing
He's laying his back with his knees up
Okay, so this is the exercise
Like, I think
He's kind of off, people
I go like this
One
I think I just go like that, I think
I can't remember it
No, no, no
I keep my ass on the floor
And then the smaller my back
Is supposed to be like that
And you keep reaching for the stars
And then
And then I flatten it
And then I go like that
He's arching his back
Right
Or
I'm just looking right at your crotch
I can't see anything
So podcast dynamite, right?
Right
No, no, no
We're getting you some exercise
You have plausible deniability now
With your chiropractic
If he said once a week, do it
Then I could do it every week here
Yeah
You could put on a rap beat
And I could do a chorus
Yeah
Do it to the beat
Strengthen your core
Yeah
There's a group of muscles
Between your ass and your back
It's called your core
Gonna keep your life on track
It's gonna make your posture clean
Gonna make it neat
I'm gonna fuck your mama so hard
Bringing the heat pad
Heat pad
Going down on your cool crack
You fuck your mama so hard
She's going forward and back
I cure her back
You're straightening her spine
I fucked your mama like
Curly fucked her like Larry Fine
Whoa
Dr. Moe
Dr. Howard
Dr. Fine
Paging your mama just in time
Got the three stooges to room 213
I fucked your mama so hard
You know what I mean
An enthusiastic applause
There are three kinds of applause in the world
Enthusiastic
Everybody put your hands together for Kanye Jesus
Oh shit
Kanye Jesus
Yo
Mr. Back Problems
Coming around of a new character
I love bad back
So much the rhythm of the bad back
So Mr. Back Problems
Mr. Back Problems
It's a new character
Don't Andy
Stand up and show people why I would confuse you
I'm not a dick
We're rating a super race
If these guys, this would be a perfect tag team wrestling match
The banger brothers are coming out
Oh here come the follicle friends
Hey Derek remember
Before Channel 101 was a thing
Dan, Rob, Chris, Tom and I would get together
Let's make Jaws 4
No one has seen Jaws 4
Rob made the most shocking thing in the world
It's kind of the beginning of everything for me
Exactly
Rob fucked a lemon
Pretty hard
Orange or a lemon
It was an orange but it was a little on the yellow side
It came off lemon on camera
My dick was Jaws
Your dick was Jaws
He made a duct tape fin with a number 4 on it
Am I right in saying that Bill Cosby was invoked?
No it was Michael Cain
But he talked like Bill Cosby
He sounded like Bill Cosby
Oh I'm Michael Cain
Is that still online?
It's the worst
Comedy Central put it on their homepage at one point
Not realizing that my dick was in it
Because Sarah said
Sarah loved it
Sarah saw that video and said
I want this guy to direct my pilot
And then somebody said
Oh it's like on 101
And then they went
Oh okay we'll put a link up to that
It was up there for like a week
And people were going
Holy shit
A little warning
There's a dick in it
Don't do it and then they pulled it down
There's one line of dialogue and I won't repeat
It's pretty out there
You know what I'm talking about
No
I'm not going to say it
Okay
I will let the audience watch it
I don't think it's up there anymore
YouTube won't have it?
Jaws for it must exist
I don't think so
It's so good
I can't believe it's not out there
But then I think right after that
We all said
Let's make
Everybody make the next Batman
Yeah
And so Dan made a Batman
Which is also
If you haven't seen Dan Harmon with Batman
Dan's Batman is pretty funny
It's also
It goes all the way
Around the bat
I remember about that Batman that I made
Is my dear girlfriend at the time
Robin Roth
Very lovely and talented
Who was my roommate
And she volunteered to
She
Because one of the scenes
It was a dark look into Batman's life
And he was
At one point he's
He's
He has
It just cuts to him in bed
With his girlfriend
Wearing the Batman mask
And he's saying to his girlfriend
Who is naked
Get up on your knees
I want to kiss you while I jerk off
And it's just supposed to be
Creepy and sad and lonely
Because even when he's with someone
He's alone
But she's
Like I remember
I set up the camera on a tripod
And like we got into frame
And like Robin's
Nipples were
Out of frame
On the viewfinder
Like these are the early days
Of digital video
I remember just like the kind of
Over scan
Like I didn't know all the terminology
I remember like when the video
Went online it was like
No her nipples are well in frame
Like it's just
Just my topless girlfriend
Giving me a hand job
Anyway I don't know
The early
Those are the days
And then 9-11 happened
And everyone
Everything changed
Even though it's 9-13 now
So we missed it
Am I
No Jeff
We'll never miss it
You're right Dan
You know what
It's 9-11 in our hearts
In mine
I made a Batman
And I asked Derek
To be my villain in it
And this character was called
Pussy Magnet
And he had a
I made him a necklace
That was like a magnet
With the word pussy
And we showed up at your dojo
And you're like Jeff
Like I can do some karate moves
To kick start my heart
I think with Motley Crue
And you're like
I pulled my groin
On a show
And so I can't really do it
If you can never see this
You're doing giant flying
Kicks and everything
Like you played so hard
While hurt
It's amazing
But that's part of your thing
It's because I love you
Hey Derek
Yeah
So when I met you
Like you were
I mean like
Like you
I always say
I don't know if it's offensive to you
But because I'm trying to create
An image in people's head
Like you looked
Like the dude from Powder
Like that when I
The first time I ever met you
Like because it's amazing
When you meet somebody
Who's all like
Who's jacked up
And looks good
It's like it's hard to imagine
That they ever actually bothered
To just like transform themselves
Without permission
But you could have easily
Just been a dude
In a trench coat
Just hanging out
At a campus behind a tree
And just like using psychic powers
To you know
To get back at people
But instead you went
You went this route
And one of my questions
Is like
Can you remember that point in your life
When you like
Where you went from
Just what God had dealt you
To like
Deciding to
Like
Like just do stuff
Did you get fit
Yeah
Like what was the threshold
What pushed you across that threshold
Well it was well
When I grew up in Bakersfield
In California
And I grew up
Like I love
When it wasn't cool
It was like comic book
Sci-fi, horror
I got into acting
Because the Dungeons and Dragons
Going like
Oh man
I want to do this someday professionally
How do I do that
Oh an actor? Perfect
But I also grew up as a different kid
Because I had the alopecia
And so what alopecia is
For people don't know
Is when your body rejects your hair
Just
I've had it my entire life
Which is recently
Like the last four years
I could grow a goatee
For some reason
Yeah I know
Which is bizarre
I was like liar
Look at his facial hair
No way
Bull crap
But it was weird also going to
Your friends who are an adult male
And going like
Hey how do you
At 40 plus
Do you do this
Has that stopped recently
I don't remember the last time
No no still
I keep shaving it for shows
Sometimes I grow up
So all of a sudden there's this goatee
Out of nowhere
Yeah
Okay
We'll talk about that in a second
Yeah but no
I got to the point
I moved to LA to do acting and comedy
And it's actually
Jeff was the one who turned me on
To go into this class
With Sam Christensen
Where all of you guys were going to class
And I joined him with everybody
Doing the Sam Christensen class
Me and Marco from Die Hard
Yes
And that class
I learned about
Like Joseph Campbell and Carl Jung
It's kind of an amalgamation
Of the two put together
And I learned about
My essences
When I give out as a human being
I went wait a second
If I worked out
I could be like the big bad guy
In TV and film
Everyone's like
Oh you like the jock in school
Like you know you can do
Like you're the super thick guy
I go no
I could like
I was the kid you know
Like getting picked on
Like maybe do a pull up
Or whatever
And that was about it
Wait so what did you learn
In Sam's class
You were in Sam's class
When you were still scrawny
Yeah
For lack of a better word
What were you hearing
From Sam's class
That made you think
If you got jacked up
What were you hearing
Well Sam's really nice
Because he brings me up
To other students
Where he talks about
You find out
What your essences are
Like when you walk into a room
What you give off to people
If you're just quiet
And just like
What they're
Who they are
Like in the old days
What we used to do
Is go to like the airport
And like for example
Hypothetically we go there
Like Dan was down in the corner
And I have a list
Of adjectives on a piece of paper
And I would walk around to strangers
And go hey my friend
Dan Harmon
We're in an acting class together
That guy over there
Yeah yeah
Can you mark any adjective
You think applies to Dan
Just by looking at him
Without him saying anything
And after about a hundred of these
Or so you start seeing
The same patterns
Like some of the same words
Repeat over and over again
I literally did that exercise
And you think like
Oh this is horseshit
You take him home and go
Why do
It's an international terminal
So a lot of these people
Are just like from Poland
And it's like
Why does everyone think I'm sarcastic
Everyone thinks I'm sarcastic
You're standing like 50 feet away
And you're standing there neutral
I check off things that apply
To this person and everybody agrees
I got sarcastic, lazy, smart
That's it
That's all I remember
I'm like how do you know I'm lazy
Like I'm sarcastic
The thing is like
They might all be wrong
About whether or not you're lazy
You might not be lazy
Because you're a workaholic
I don't think of you as a lazy person
But strangers all
Rob does
Unanimously agree
Who?
Rob
Makes a lot of comments about it
I went with a guy
Who looked like Charles Bronson
Who was this tough dude
With a mustache
And I would go like
People were like
This is back in the days
Where you could walk into the terminal
Before a flight
Before you had to go through security
You could be at the gate
Without going through security
And so you'd say
See that guy over there
We're in an iPhone class
Your flight is delayed
If you got nothing better to do
Check off what you think
Applies to this person
And people love it
Because you get to
Because there's not a lot of shit
To do at the airport
Especially this is before 9-11
And before the massive amount of
This is before Candy Crush
This is before words with friends
This is before people had shit to do
I get to pass judgment on a stranger
With no contact lenses
It's hilarious
And I say also
If you want to write things down
Extra things at the bottom
To that too
And the thing is
They all said the same shit
So we got 50
Like Sam Christensen said
Like do five if you trust me
Do 500 if you don't
Like the thing is
It's going to be the same information
No matter what
Like everyone's going to agree
That
Remember Schrab
Remember the weekend intensive
And you're not supposed to tell anybody
What's on your cards
Because then you do an intensive version
Where your student
Your fellow students
Are writing shit down
During exercises
Schrab is all sullen
He's mad
We were walking down the sidewalk
Out of the thing
And I was like
Man this is fucking great
Because I had like
Looked at my cards
And you looked at yours
And you're not supposed to talk to each other
At lunch about your cards
And
Rob said
Rob's bummed out
And I said
What's going on man
You're not having a good time
He's like
I don't know man
And I'm like
What is it
It's like
Someone said
I look like C-3PO
I'm not C-3PO
He was like
Moving his
Like
The best
I was like
Are you doing a bit
I wasn't
No I'm not
I'm not C-3PO
I wasn't
I only speak
5 million languages
I
But okay
So Derek
So in that case
Hang on
The guy I went to the airport with
This kind of tough Charles Bronson looking dude
We got in the car
And I got teamed up with him
I didn't really want to be
This guy's partner
Turned out to be the most informative thing
In the world
Because we got in the car
And he's looking through the stuff
And he's like
He's going through his
Everything's like
Why does everybody say suspicious
Like
Dude
You're suspect
Like
You're suspicious of them
I'm suspicious of you
And also the same guy
Actually got up
And he's like
Why do people keep saying
I'm loud
And walked out
And watching other people
Reject their shit
Was amazing
But Rob like
I know I had one that made me cry
Like I was like
Oh that's fucking exactly
How you say that thing
And you had one
That I loved
It's
Last puppy at the pound
Right
It's amazing
But also because you want
You root for the last puppy at the pound
Like he's the cute one
Yeah
And the last puppy at the pound
Manipulates people
What was your breakthrough on Dan?
Mine was a mud monster on shore leave
Which I personally find
Because it's like
I'm a mud
I'm from the fucking shitty slimy world
But I'm on vacation
I like
I like clean soft frilly
Like I like the real world
I love it
I just don't belong in it
So I'm just like
That's fucking awesome
You're so clean
You know that's why I love Hugh Jackman
That's why I was like
When we worked with him
I'm like I fucking love that guy
That's why I love
I love fucking handsome pretty things
I love clean
But I'm never gonna be
I'm on shore leave
But I don't want to hang out
It's like when a LA person
Goes to Portland
And they keep apologizing
For it being overcast
I was like
Motherfucker, why do you think I came here?
I live in a desert
That's me with mud
Like I'm a mud monster
On shore leave
What was yours, Jarrett?
My main one?
Yeah
My main one was I've been many places
But I've never forgotten where I've come from
So you started lifting weights?
Yeah
What was it?
I had like a lot of like
I have this gentle tough guy thing
Working like a Swiss watch
And I had another one
Where it was like a superhero
And search a superhero
When for meaningful exchange of superpowers
And so there's a lot of comic booky type things
And I'm like, wait, if I worked out
I could be the same bad guy
You're getting these things
You felt like you were like a dexter in Space Ace
But you weren't Space Ace yet
No, my god, that's a reference
Applies never
Yeah, absolutely
Yeah, yeah, absolutely
That's amazing
Don Bluth laser disc game
A Space Ace reference
When did I become the guy that's like
I made a reference
When I just cast on this ice floe
Could we apply Sam Christensen's knowledge
On Spencer and give him an essence?
Ooh, that's a good one
Spencer's essence is
I am taking over your ship
And sailing it into
Cock Harbor
I am a Viking of Pussy
No, I don't
It's a fun place
Let's see, Spencer's essence is
This is weird, right?
That's one of them?
The thing about this class
It's amazing, Drew Carey
I took it a long time ago
And I told Drew about it
And Drew's famous
And we were taking a road trip together
And he's like, I want to know who I am
The whole point is that
There's things that people, strangers, friends
Instantly agree about you
Whether they're right or wrong
They all go like
If you look at you and go like
Do you like to swim
Or do you hate getting your hair wet?
They would all agree or disagree on that
But it would be unanimous
You might be an Olympic swimmer
But they might go no
She doesn't like to get her hair wet
Because this is an essence about you
I'm just making off the top of my head
It's this thing like
You find out all the things you wish
People thought about you
Maybe they don't
Also some things that you wish
Like, I hope people think of this
They do think that
The big thing is
That everything that sticks out about you
When you're six years old
Is the same forever
Everyone notices everything that's special about you
It doesn't have to be who you are
It's the way you stick out
It's the edges that you have
It doesn't have to be a glamorous
It's not always like
We're raised on myths like the ugly duckling
And Rudolph and things where
We get that concept that
Oh, maybe the thing that you think is ugly
Will make you beautiful
But that still enforces the idea
Of utility and beauty
The more important thing to realize
Is that when you're on the playground
You're differently shaped
Than everyone around you
And your early experiences
With what makes you different
Are usually negative experiences
Because the people around you
They're the things that stick out
They're practicing being a society
Which is like water
Which erodes away at rough edges
So all of our early experiences
Hearing things about ourselves
Are experiences of crowds gathering
Around us and going
Nanny nanny panty panty
I'm not a panty panty
And it only means something to us
It's something that they figured out
They fucking zeroed in on it
And it might even just be
The fact that you hate attention
That's for a lot of people
And then they fucking hone in
And a lot of us who are destined
For interesting things
Or just hard things
That's when we have to practice
Being special, whether we like it or not
And they get to practice being a society
Whether they like it or not
What was amazing in the class
There was women in my class
Like young or middle-aged women
That they have to find out
How the world thinks of them as pretty
Or beautiful
And there was a couple of girls
That were really beautiful
And the way that the world thinks
Like the way they describe their beauty
Is really hard for them to hear
Because they've been tortured by that
Since they were little girls
And so for them to own the fact
That there was...
I won't say her name
Because she's on TV and you all know her
She's one Emmys and shit
She was in the class
She's a Latina
Amy Esperanza
Yes, it was Amy Esperanza
People in the class
Secretly write down ways
To describe things about people
And they kept saying hot tamale
She's like, I'm not a hot tamale
But it's like Sam's like
You're a hot tamale
What do you like or not?
They're racist but...
I've heard that since I was a little girl
You're going to hear that till you die
Catherine Hepburn when she was...
How old was she when Philadelphia Story came out?
18, 19, very young
All the reviews called her feisty
Everyone said she's feisty
She's feisty
Then when she's whatever, 70
Or whatever she was on Golden Pond
Crusty
When you're older
They call you crusty
She was in essence of defiance
When you're a defiant 18-year-old woman
You're feisty
When you're defiant 70-year-old woman
You're crusty
Flavor becomes like
Hey, who poisoned my food?
But what they're talking about is
Catherine Hepburn's essence is
She never needed men
It was a complete defiance of masculinity
We have different names for that
When you're young and when you're old
One of the things he had us do
He said, go home, grab your yearbooks
I don't even know if you kids do the yearbook thing anymore
That was the last time anyone was going to say shit to you
They would write all this shit in your yearbook
Also, all your love letters
We would pass loose leaf love letters
I would keep them all
Our generation, we'd have boxes of them
He said, go home, grab the notes
From the girls in your high school
When they started, when things were going good
When they liked you
And then go all the way through
When they have a problem with you
And look at the fact that
There's just two different words
For what makes you who you are
And when they're hot for you
You're capricious
And when they are dumping you
Your fucking scatterbrains
For me, all my yearbook stuff
There's different neighborhoods of things
There's a way to describe how you're attractive
Or how you're funny
Or how you're smart
Or how you're lonely
Or how you're weird
Or how you're fucked up
We have these neighborhoods of these
Different qualities of ourselves
One of mine is, if you like me
Confident, poised
If you don't like me
Cocky, arrogant
Like a piece of shit
This piece of shit just thrown in
That's like the cheese on the cheese fries
Piece of shit could go on anything
For me, the one that blew my mind
Sam's like, alright, of course
The one that blew my mind
We're trying to figure out
Sam's like, there's a way to describe the fact
It's not enough to say, Jeff, that you're cocky
Because you are cocky
But also, you're not just arrogant
Also, you're not just poised
You're not just self-confident
There's a way to describe it
You also have a huge cock
Thank you
He asked me about that
For coming to this class
So anyway, I'm fucking Sam Prestige
I'm gonna write you a check right now
For taking this class
But so he has these books of slang
And you go to the OED and all this stuff
You're trying to find the perfect way to word things
And he wrote it down and he goes, Jeff, he goes
I think you're gonna like this
I don't think anybody else in the world would
I think that you might actually agree with this
And like this description of that neighborhood of stuff
And it was, he wrote it down in a piece of paper
And gave it to me
And I like hit this desk and started crying
I was like, exactly
And it was not conceded, just convinced
I said, yeah, I don't think I'm better than you
I know I am
Only a dick would think it was better than you
I just am
Let's move on
I could be a great guy
You can laugh at me like, oh, yeah
I'm a prick, but there's a charm to that prickiness
And there's a thing
No, we always circle that
Because it's like there's some people that turn you off
With their confidence
Because it's like, oh, that dick
And then it's like some people rise
They go, somebody strata up that they're like
Oh, yeah, I got nothing to worry about
So let me take you out on the dance floor
I give you a twirl
Like, oh, yeah, I'm not battling those dragons
So let me share my wealth with you
There was a girl in my class who is a great actor, Silas
And she's amazing
And also, again, you would know who she was
She's the one that turned me on to the class
Gina Davis
Huh?
Judy Dench
And there was one essence that she could never agree on
And we all in the class knew exactly what it was
And it was impossible
And she would never figure out the last one
And we'd all just say to her, you're impossible
You're impossible
And that doesn't mean bad
Like, impossible is amazing
Because like, there's no pleasing you
But also like, you're the most important person to try to please
Like, you're just beyond pleasing
Oh, she ended up marrying Tom Cruise
Judy Dench
There was a girl in the class
And she stormed out and she goes, hard to handle
She was German, she's hard to handle, fuck this class
I'm not C-3PO
Also, Rob, you have a good one that I love
It's Little Green Man
Little Green Man, yeah
I love that one
Little Green Man
Because you are from outer space
And in an awesome way
And that's the C-3PO essence too
I guess
Yeah, it's not Boba Fett
Jen, one of your essences that I love is
Unspeakable Sadness
Right?
It's unspeakable
That's why I text you
Try to help you through that sadness
Without speaking
No, no, no, it's uncomfortable
So I text you
And you know, even though you don't text back, I hear you
It's okay
I remember one of the cards from that class
That somebody wrote that led to that
Being one of my essences
Which is what you get from this class
And this really, really like
It triggered me
It's weird when you hear the shit that's like
What the fuck?
Like I, you know, in the class
You do monologue, like Sam goes
Tell us about an animal that changed your life
Oh boy
And you'll talk for three minutes
And the other student scribble
He gives the students an exercise
It goes, I want you to compare Dan to
A weather phenomenon on your card
He just like gives you specific instructions
To get you out of your head
But like, and sometimes he goes like
Free anything, like no category
Dan, talk about a celebrity you hate
Or whatever
Talk for a while
And then I got my cards
And one of them just said
Talk, talk, talk, wounded
Whoa
My favorite
When I went to the airport
I'm getting no likey
Still gets me
When I went to the airport
There was a bunch of, there's a big like
A bunch of like middle aged
Like maybe like 30s, 40s, 50s black women
That were all traveling together as a family
The worst
Oh, oh I thought that's what you were going
And so
My Charles, my Charles Bronson guy
Like he's like
He's like
My Charles Bronson guy
Like you also asked
Like you said
Also if you want to just freestyle
And write shit on your own
At the bottom of it
And somebody wrote
And I love this one
And she goes
That white boy crazy
Alright
I was just standing there
Well, let me in
Spencer or like
That white boy crazy
We said
Oh, like Drew Carey
So we were in the car
And he's like
I want to know who I am
And he went and took the class
And he was
He was still
Like the Drew Carey show was still happening
That was crazy
Someone wrote
The Price is Right
He hadn't
When he
That was his essence
I saw Drew
And then he went to the show
And he was like
I want to go see
I want to go see a Greg Phrupp's comedy show
And Drew is there
And he goes
Thank you
Alright
That's a hair trigger youp
That's a Phrupp youp
Phrupp youp
I'm Phrupp youp
Can I get a Phrupp youp?
This is hilarious
I saw for sure
He was doing it a bit
But he wasn't
I saw Drew at a gig
And he goes
Hey man, so
It's got called
My Les Moonves
From CBS
And they're offering me
To be in
Like the new host of Price is Right
I'm like
Are you going to do it?
And he goes
I guess if the money's good enough
I was like
No, if the price is right
It's like
If the money's good enough
If they mean my quote
Come on forward
That was your one chance
If the money's good enough
I'm like
I looked at him like
Are you fucking with me right now?
So Drew went and took the class
And he then sent everybody he knew
Like all the people in the Drew Carey set
He paid for people to go
To take Sam Christensen's class
You must do it
Even if you're not an actor
It's really great
Like soft knowledge stuff
It really does liberate you
In terms of like
Agreeing with the fact
That the world knows who you are
Whether you like it or not
And also
There's some stuff that you think you are
That you're just fucking not
And like
That you learned
And there's a lot of stuff
That people are always going to think you are
And fucking get over it
Like people think that I don't like them
And like now
At this stage
They're right
But
I told Sam
We had had back in the old days
Like you would talk to Sam
And he's like Jeff
He's like
You're a really loyal guy
Like you're loyal to your friends
Like you will stick with your friends
No matter what
You're a loyal person
He goes
But that's not one of your essences
You don't walk in a room
And go
Oh this dude's true blue
Like he will always stick with me
You don't walk in the room
Looking like that
That's something that
You know after meeting you
But that's not
That's not an essence of yours
So get over that one
So Drew went
And what I love about Drew
One of his was
And one that really set Drew
Carry free
Which is amazing
And he was so happy to learn this
One of his essences is
I'm doing the best I can
With what I've got
And he's like
And I'm a millionaire
He goes
But I'm just still trying
The best I can
That's exactly who he is
You could say that
That's a phrase you can say
When you want to do an impression
Of Drew Carry
I'm doing the best I can with what I've got
Am I allowed to know that
About myself?
It's like
Look at what I have
Like I can't say that
He's like
No it doesn't matter what you think
It's exactly what everybody does
Oh sorry
I'm done
See
I'm bad at this
Talk talk talk wounded
So Derek
You're a muscle man
Are you going to hit me like my dad?
Dad
When you're physically fit
Like all I've ever known is
I look in the mirror and I go
Alright
That's a sea otter
That's a baby
Like
And that's how I came out of the womb
And I've never done any exercise
And I'm like
Still look like a baby
And then like
If I start to look like a fat baby
Then I'm like
I kind of figure something out
And then I'm like
Okay I look like a baby again
But then other people are like
And then they look like
Like
G.I. Joe
Don't
Black ops
I gotta go
I said
Is that your ringtone?
When you have to do wet work
It's like
It's not what you think
It's not discreet
It's like it's the whole room
You're in an opera house
I was like
And then it's like
And the opera singer's like
He's checking his phone
And you're like
Hiding in plain sight
And you break everyone's neck
In the opera house
Or just in your row
Go to sleep
This is
Like
When you're fit
When you're made of muscle
When you look good
When you're a
When you're a hot piece of action
What
Like
So like
What
I'm so being judged by everybody
Right now
I'm like
I don't know
Dan's talking a little much
What's the terror
How do you
What do you
We're all gonna have to be
If we're lucky
What do you
How do you
What's my go to
Once my body falls apart
Yeah
What do you
Is there a day that you
Stop
Like and then
Are you terrified of that
Like oh shit
What
Like now if I fucking
Skip Monday
No honestly
A lot of the training and whatnot
Is for my job
My job is to tell stories
I love stories
And I
You've told my mom when I was younger
I don't need to be rich or famous
I wanna play with my friends
And just make a living
And it's been amazing
No
What does this mean
When you get up to discipline
For writing and whatnot
Like you work on writing
I work on
I know what sells
But also
My backup
I also have a brain
So like create things
And
Okay yeah
Okay
Now I feel like a dick
Oh no no no
Wasn't trying to be that way
No cause I'm just wondering
Cause I'm like every day
I look in the mirror
I try not to
I try as hard as I can
Not to
But I like a look in the mirror
And I'm like
Okay like an A cup
B cup
Getting a B cup
Like I make these like judgements
Like ah fuck
And like
You
And then there's these people
Who like fucking
Like
What do you mean these people
I mean you
The
Like like like
Like you have a regimen
Schrabs
One of them too
Like like like
What you guys
Like fucking like
You got
You're in the zone
Like you're doing
You're healthy
And so then you look in the mirror
And then like
I'm just wondering
Like do you
Like
Isn't there like a
Like a
Dust bowl behind you
Like
How does that
How does the human body work
I don't know
How does that work
Like like
Do you have to be
When you go to the gym
Are there
70 year old dudes
That are like
Just
Like
Like keeping it up
A lot of
Is that that whole
Use it or lose it
Mentality
But also after you get past
A certain age
Your growth homeroom
Stops producing as much
As it used to
And so your
Body starts to die
Basically
Where it starts to
Be agile
As it used to be
But if you just keep
That
I always call that
Spoonful of sugar
Where it's like
Oh man
If I do this
I'll feel good
And I can do
What else
I want to do
During the day
And also it helps me
With my job
To sell what my product is
Is being that big bad guy
I meet people
Left and right
Going
Oh my god
I saw you in this
Or that
And you're a murderer
And you scare the crap out of me
But I meet you in person
You're a human being
I'm like
What
When does
What age does your body die
What age
We need to know
It's usually like the
From 44 things
Start to decline
Okay so I'm 43
So
So I can eat
Pringles for breakfast
For another year
And then it just
Start working out
And then
No
The awesome for that
Is like
My
I gotta go kill myself
No
It's kind of like
If you
Oh no
Oh
What
Okay
Well that day
We were joining him
That's awesome
No
Like
Oh no
What
Rob is now
For the home audience
Pretending to
Murder himself
Behind the glass
Rob killed himself
With
A gun loaded
With stolen focus
It's
It's something
Prisoners use
When they're deprived of
No as long as you keep using
Your muscle
I mean
Muscles in general
Like with you with writing
That you're using your brain
Whatever you use
It'll stay active
In my opinion
I hope
So I mean
Yeah
I'm trying to think of
Just the most
Crass way to
Phrase the thing
Is it like
Like
Obviously
If I keep doing
What I'm doing
I'm going to
Die sooner
And look worse
The whole time
And it'll
And I'll never
Like the longer I wait
The harder it will be
For me to start
Just like
Being healthy
And I'm just wondering
On the other
There's this other railroad track
Where I see you
One of my friends
That I've known for decades
I'm going like
Hey
And I'm just wondering
Like
What does your railroad track
Look like
Like what are the hazards
Like what are you
Worried about
Like
Do you fit people
Is there anything
Is there ever a point
Where the tool
Starts using you
Is there ever
And I think
Shamelessly
I kind of
I guess
Want to hear
Like yeah
Oh yeah
It's the worst
There it is
I don't
Like I don't want to
Do it
But it's also my job
So I have to
Like if I'm not working somewhere
I gotta
Okay clock into the gym
And train
But you
You have to stay up on
Like anything in life
But you're
You're getting that
I'm not sure
What I'm getting at
I'm
Part of it is
Like this
Midwestern thing
Of like the
The principle
Was always a
Former wrestling coach
And then he'd have
This big giant
Gut
Kids would whisper
Into each other
And go
Dude
That was all muscle
And muscle turns
To fat
If you stop
Using it
So you're saying
Like how people
Identify with things
So they identify
That's who I am
I'm talking about
What is the
I'm actually talking
Purely physiologically
Not like
What we should
Wear our value system
I'm talking about
Actually like
How does that
Shit work
Like if you
If you're fucking
Look awesome
And are like
Doing like
Like putting
All that work into it
Is there a
Fucking like
Like is there
An anxiety to
That sets in
Where it's like
Oh shit
Like
Now I'll look
Like Dan Harmon
If I stop tomorrow
I don't know
What I'm trying to add
If you're really muscle bound
You have to be careful
Like at some point
That muscle can
Turn to fat
Or can turn to that
That big
X football coach
Belly
That's really hard
Like a watermelon
That kind of stuff
Is that just something fat
People say
To make themselves feel better
Or is that
That idea that
Like muscle turns
To fat
Kind of thing
It doesn't
You'll definitely lose it
Spencer, do you exercise at all?
No
Not a bit?
Nothing?
No, of course not
You seem like
Since I've known you
Which is now what
Three, four years?
How long, how long?
Three, four years
Like you maintain a certain
Like steady physique
Like you don't like
Flexuate
I gain weight
Yes, you can
Flexuate
I think for me like
Like
If I ate what I wanted to
Like my favorite thing in the world
Is like a 4 a.m. burrito
It's the greatest thing in the world
Like just like
Just eat a bunch of bullshit
Like after you drink all night long
But he's vegetarian
He means
No, no, no
Go to Benito's tacos
And eat there
Just a shit-ass burrito
And like
Until I turned 30
I could never gain a pound
Then one day
I was like
Oh, fuck, I got a big-ass belly
I look like
Senator Cartgage
From Homestyle Runner
Look good
Tall and skinny with a giant belly
I'm like
This is fucking
Like I have to curb that shit
Here's your secret
But you won't do this
Because you're not vain like I am
Buy suits that you love
And if you can't fit in them
Stop it
Stop doing what you're doing
Get back in the suits
Don't let them out
Like fucking
Like I buy suits that I fit into
And if I can't fit in them
Then exercise and diet
Get it back on track
That's visualizing your goals
And where you want to be
It's precisely
Makes it concrete
And more attainable that way
Also, as you get older
I got to say it
Sounds dumb
Yoga
Oh, absolutely
Absolutely
Because you need flexibility
And agility
And your joints
And stuff like that
Like when you do that stuff
You can spring up and down
Staircases like a gazelle
But otherwise
Your joints are creaking
Like an old
It's like a ratchet trap
If you're your whole life
You're walking
You're not even working out
And just doing normal activity
Everything is cranked and cranked
Every time you engage that muscle
And if you don't undo that
You start getting that
Be that old person hunch
And whatnot
It's not good for the body
It hurts
Damn it
Oh, man
But this is opening my eyes to something
What's with yoga pants?
Because the
That seems like a recent thing
And it's like
I question it
No, I don't
I think I support yoga pants
In every possible way
When did that come about?
That seems to be
Like
Because I keep hearing conflicting reports
I think I think
You knew lemon came along
And made everybody wear yoga pants
I guess I just
Yeah, I asked my girlfriends
That's what it is
It's like money flooded into
An area of fashion slash exercise
And so this new form of pants
Was developed
Because I never had to
I'm like, wait a minute
What?
There's pants that
They
Like yoga pants
Stretch
They
They look like stockings
Well, no, they
They also
They make your ass look good
Right?
Yeah
But they're also comfortable
So previously
There was a dichotomy of things
That made you look good
Versus things that were comfortable
But this is the thing that's comfortable
That makes your ass look good
It's like a perfect storm
Like
Why didn't they
What technology did they
What did they find out in space
That led them to Houston
We found a stitch that
I don't know
Have you tried stretch jeans yet
For men?
No, I'm not making a joke
I swear to God
I shot this thing in Europe
And I tried these pants
And I went, oh my god
Wait, these are stretch
They're like yoga pants
But I'm wearing some right now
Like checkings?
No, these stretch
They're like, they're new
Like Levi's
But they're super flexible
That's why I'm not
Killing my balls trying to
Get in the ceiling
I was like
Because those look like regular jeans
They're not
They're flexed
They're like four-way flex
All right, well
Super comfy
Well, I don't know what else
We could possibly cover
Let's do a Q&A
Who's got a question
For either a life long
Cinematic stuntman
Slash monster
Slash
Actor
Goon actor
In the background
Slash
Goon actor
Yeah, I'm with you Jeff
Well, what?
Okay, it's like, all right
I have a question
Dave
Dave Kline has a question
I believe in the guy Goon
Prince theory of masculine identity
And when you said Goon
I think that everyone has a guy
Who's like kind of a tough guy
A Goon who's kind of a fuck-up
Like weirdo
And a prince
Who's like a piece of royalty
And you got all those pieces in you
He said you got a little bit of Goon
What's your guy part
And what's your prince part?
All right, my guy part
The macho side of background
And not professionally, but fighting
MMA and what not
And training martial arts for a long time
My prince part is
I try to be, that philosophy
To be good to everybody
And also whatever people are
I go and do like horror cons
I do autograph signings for different fans
Here and there
And what I love to do
It bumps me out on the social media
I'll see, so often people aren't happy
With how they look
Or how they feel about themselves
And I try to empower people
Going like, man, like
I grew, I was a different kid, man
I had no hair
I was either, people thought I either had cancer
Or I was a skinhead
You know, growing up when it wasn't cool
To be bald and white
People were like, oh, that guy's totally white
Powered like, no, swear to God
I'm not
But growing up being different
And kind of being like a monster out there
It's coming back though
It's coming back
Just randomly, oh yeah
We haven't talked about that yet
But coming back, I mean
Being an adult now
And I've got the point I was trying to make
The point was I just
Trying to empower people to go
Whatever it is that makes you different
Step on that gas pedal
Like, no one is like you
And love yourself for who you are
And so I love meeting some of these other guys
Who are like, they see some of my roles
As being like super tough
Oh, man, I can't wait
I've been so much fun
I like to go to bar fights
And smash people in the face
And be like, man, right now
You're wearing a mask of insecurity
Because you're trying to be macho
There's no reason for that
We're all human beings
Express how you feel and move on
I meant goon like
Because there's a villain
There's goons behind them
So either a monster
Or a guy flying out a window on fire
Or a goon behind somebody
He hasn't played Othello yet
A question?
It could be a Spencer question
It could be a Rob question
It doesn't have to be a Spencer question
What's going on?
What happened to you?
What did you do?
What did you go through?
What?
Did you just take a huge shit?
That couldn't have been a pee
No, I didn't go to the bathroom
And answer some emails
He sent some emails
Answers some emails
No, he answered some emails
You're in a show
All right
This is probably what counts for me
Q&A
All right, sir
I've got a question for Derek
Derek
I know that you've been talking about sense of self
And your essence
And you've been playing like the bad guy
But do you ever like have the
Not ego part of you
But just you really want that
Reading rule kind of deal
Where you're not Jason
Where you're all mad
Yeah
But you're still yourself
I should repeat that
And then the next time
I'll do
He said
Do you ever crave playing the lead role?
There you go
I probably missed some of the nuance
No, I've been lucky
I've done like 85 different
Like film and TV projects
But my mentality is
Like bouncing back is a bit
To my normal face
And doing monsters
People sometimes
A tangent of your question
Are you like
Does that bother you
Because some of you are like
When you play like Predator
Or what not
That you look
We can't tell that it's you
Oh shit, he was classic Predator
In the Predators
He wasn't one of those bullshit Predators
And he was like
Old school Predator
He was like
Hey little boy
Want some candy
But to answer your question
As an artist
Any other artist
You want to always outdo yourself
And do better and better
And when I get to ask that question
When it bothers you
When your face is covered
For some of your bigger roles
I'm not bothered by that all
Because my job is to tell
Story and to service that story
And don't remember me
Remember the characters
When you watch
When you watch that
Sorry
Thanks Dave
When you watch Hansel and Gretel
Which by the way
Like B plus
That Hansel and Gretel movie
Like have you seen it
It's a real Goon movie
That's going to bounce off of me
Because I'm picked on too
But when you watch that movie
Are you like
Do you have PTSD
Or do you
Funny that you bring this up
Because a fan just sent me a thing
Because AMC just played it
For the first time
And they showed like
Some of the interviews
Like behind the scenes
And they had a whole segment
Of me talking about
The Edward character
And I literally
I'm watching it
Because of my arm
Like I said
Between my five and six
I had a herniated disc
And my whole arm atrophied
And it took about a year
To heal
And I'm going to like
These German doctors
And they're giving me
Multiple spinal injections
Throughout the week
You're shooting overseas
And you're like
Oh my god my fucking body is
I can't move
And then you're at the mercy
Of what might be
The better medicine
Or worse medicine
You don't know
It's weird
Also the doctor's name
Translated to like
Doctor Creepy
Or Doctor Sneaky
And I was in tears
Going like
Are you kidding me
But also like
They lay you down
I'm getting an injection
Like this is
Like Doctor Frankenstein Land
Everybody's talking in German
So you know
You're a little
That little bit of like
Oh Germans and
Experiments
And so I'm like
Laying there
And they're like
Let it go
Like some like
Can you take
You know take off this part
Of your clothes
And there's like a hot nurse
There also a blonde
You know German
Like again
But they would go like
Oh so Derek
Oh so Doctor Paul
Andra
Your body is
Yeah okay
Here it comes
Like he would say
Weird things
I had no idea
What the fuck he was saying
Oh my god
And then like
And then he was like
One, two, three
You're like
Christ the fuck
Yeah it was
Yeah but anyway
They answered your question
Yeah like PTSD
Like I'm watching it
So when you watch that movie
And start cracking my neck
I'm like
You're not like
Jeremy Renner's hot
You're like
Holy shit
Like you actually
Like remember
Like fucking game
Like when you're watching the
Are there
There must be
I can't believe
That fucking character
That CG
Which is the
Must be the worst part
Is that it's like
That means that it could have been
Well the
Are there moments
When the
The character is like emoting
And like doing a thing
And you're like
That was 50 takes
Yeah absolutely
It's tough
Cause also as an actor
You have like
You know what you want to do
For the scene
You've made the characters
And spectral motion
Who made this incredible
Piece of machinery
I feel like a jet fighter
Pilot
Where I get to where
I fly this amazing thing
You have to pre-think
What's going on
This is my arc in the scene
Here's the emotion
That's what's happening
And you have to map out
Cause I couldn't control
My hands
And I couldn't control
My mouth
Cause you saw the mouth
But you can't walk around
With the character
The mouth open the whole time
So they close it
And so as you're
Just sitting there
And cooking
You're breathing your own
Carbon dioxide
So you're not getting
Fresh air
To fuel your muscles
And your brain
And there are times
Where I'm just like
Past
Yeah yeah
The half conscious
Like I would like
To do something
Do you need some water
Or something
Right now it's cool
Alright
And it's like
Everyone had that
Do you need some water
Or something
Hey man
It's me
Jeremy Renner
You need some water
Oh god
Oh man
I hate this dick
This kid's some water
Over here
Man he's
This goom
Man he's all goom
Man
I hate it when Jeremy
Renner does his
Weird barrio accent
Oh man
Get this man
Some water
Cause he's all milked
And he's breathing
His own
Carbon dioxide
It's because Jeremy
Renner auditioned
For that part
And got the part of
Hansel
And was offended
Breathing his own
And I can't
Operate the whole thing
Looking through your
Own mouth
Breathing your own
Carbon dioxide
Oh it's me
Jeremy Renner
Do you need some water
Man
Breathing on your own
Carbon dioxide
Oh it's me
Jeremy Renner
Do you need some water
Man
Breathing on your own
Carbon dioxide
Looking through your own
Mouth
With your
Disc hurt
Knitting
All the hurt
Disc is hurting
Can we do a
Knitting
Can we do a quick commercial
For Jeremy Renner's
New Mexican restaurant
Hey I'm
Jeremy Renner
Come on down to
Jeremy Renner's
Taco hut man
We got Derek Mears here
Star of Hansel
And gradually played
That goblin thing
He's breathing out of
His own
Oxygen
We got blending
We got
We got so much water here
Man
We got fajitas
We got some
Gluten free
Gluten free options
For you people
And everybody's a free
Tablecloth
And so come on down
With the kids
Meet the troll man
From Hansel and Greta
That was a ZT
With a man in a costume
And just tell him
Jeremy Renner sent you
You get a free picture
Of water
And you can breathe
And you can look through
Your own mouth
That's Harmon's time of the day
That's the worst restaurant
It's a Rob's job
Spencer Crittenden
I'm Jeff Davis
Terrible restaurant
Okay let's hear for
Jordy White making all of our music
Derek Mears everybody
And your mayor Dan Harmon
Thank you so much
Drive fast take chances
Also Jeremy Renner everybody
Jeremy Renner
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show